push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea lea
lea lea lea
lea lea pop
lea pop mov
pop mov mov
mov mov test
mov test jle
test jle push
jle push push
push push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov cmp
mov cmp jae
cmp jae push
jae push push
push push lea
push lea test
lea test je
test je sub
je sub movzx
sub movzx test
movzx test je
test je sub
je sub movzx
sub movzx shl
movzx shl or
shl or movd
or movd pop
movd pop pop
pop pop test
pop test je
test je sub
je sub movd
sub movd pslldq
movd pslldq por
pslldq por test
por test je
test je sub
je sub movq
sub movq pslldq
movq pslldq por
pslldq por test
por test je
test je movdqa
je movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu mov
movdqu mov jmp
mov jmp test
jmp test mov
test mov je
mov je movdqa
je movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu jmp
movdqu jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqa
movdqu movdqa pslldq
movdqa pslldq psrldq
pslldq psrldq punpckhbw
psrldq punpckhbw pslldq
punpckhbw pslldq punpcklbw
pslldq punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa pslldq
movdqa pslldq psrldq
pslldq psrldq punpckhbw
psrldq punpckhbw pslldq
punpckhbw pslldq punpcklbw
pslldq punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa pslldq
movdqa pslldq psrldq
pslldq psrldq punpckhbw
psrldq punpckhbw pslldq
punpckhbw pslldq punpcklbw
pslldq punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw pxor
punpckhbw pxor movdqa
pxor movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw pxor
packssdw pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa sub
movdqa sub add
sub add add
add add add
add add add
add add cmp
add cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test jne
test jne pop
jne pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add add
add add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg pop
jg pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea lea
lea lea lea
lea lea pop
lea pop mov
pop mov mov
mov mov test
mov test jle
test jle push
jle push push
push push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov cmp
mov cmp jae
cmp jae push
jae push push
push push lea
push lea test
lea test je
test je sub
je sub movzx
sub movzx test
movzx test je
test je sub
je sub movzx
sub movzx shl
movzx shl or
shl or movd
or movd pop
movd pop pop
pop pop test
pop test je
test je sub
je sub movd
sub movd pslldq
movd pslldq por
pslldq por test
por test je
test je sub
je sub movq
sub movq pslldq
movq pslldq por
pslldq por test
por test je
test je movdqa
je movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu mov
movdqu mov jmp
mov jmp test
jmp test mov
test mov je
mov je movdqa
je movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu jmp
movdqu jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqa
movdqu movdqa pslldq
movdqa pslldq psrldq
pslldq psrldq punpckhbw
psrldq punpckhbw pslldq
punpckhbw pslldq punpcklbw
pslldq punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa pslldq
movdqa pslldq psrldq
pslldq psrldq punpckhbw
psrldq punpckhbw pslldq
punpckhbw pslldq punpcklbw
pslldq punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa pslldq
movdqa pslldq psrldq
pslldq psrldq punpckhbw
psrldq punpckhbw pslldq
punpckhbw pslldq punpcklbw
pslldq punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw pxor
punpckhbw pxor movdqa
pxor movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw pxor
packssdw pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa sub
movdqa sub add
sub add add
add add add
add add add
add add cmp
add cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test jne
test jne pop
jne pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add add
add add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg pop
jg pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea lea
lea lea lea
lea lea pop
lea pop mov
pop mov mov
mov mov test
mov test jle
test jle push
jle push push
push push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov cmp
mov cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test je
test je sub
je sub movd
sub movd test
movd test je
test je sub
je sub movq
sub movq pslldq
movq pslldq por
pslldq por test
por test je
test je sub
je sub movdqa
sub movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu test
movdqu test mov
test mov je
mov je movdqa
je movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu jmp
movdqu jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqa
movdqu movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw pxor
punpckhbw pxor movdqa
pxor movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw punpcklbw
punpckhbw punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw psrlw
punpckhbw psrlw psrlw
psrlw psrlw movdqa
psrlw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw pxor
packssdw pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa sub
movdqa sub add
sub add add
add add add
add add add
add add cmp
add cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test jne
test jne pop
jne pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add add
add add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg pop
jg pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea lea
lea lea lea
lea lea pop
lea pop mov
pop mov mov
mov mov test
mov test jle
test jle push
jle push push
push push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov cmp
mov cmp jae
cmp jae push
jae push push
push push lea
push lea test
lea test je
test je sub
je sub movzx
sub movzx test
movzx test je
test je sub
je sub movzx
sub movzx shl
movzx shl or
shl or movd
or movd pop
movd pop pop
pop pop test
pop test je
test je sub
je sub movd
sub movd pslldq
movd pslldq por
pslldq por test
por test je
test je sub
je sub movq
sub movq pslldq
movq pslldq por
pslldq por test
por test je
test je movdqa
je movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu mov
movdqu mov jmp
mov jmp test
jmp test mov
test mov je
mov je movdqa
je movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu jmp
movdqu jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqa
movdqu movdqa pslldq
movdqa pslldq psrldq
pslldq psrldq punpckhbw
psrldq punpckhbw pslldq
punpckhbw pslldq punpcklbw
pslldq punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa pslldq
movdqa pslldq psrldq
pslldq psrldq punpckhbw
psrldq punpckhbw pslldq
punpckhbw pslldq punpcklbw
pslldq punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa pslldq
movdqa pslldq psrldq
pslldq psrldq punpckhbw
psrldq punpckhbw pslldq
punpckhbw pslldq punpcklbw
pslldq punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw pxor
punpckhbw pxor movdqa
pxor movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw pxor
packssdw pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa sub
movdqa sub add
sub add add
add add add
add add add
add add cmp
add cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test jne
test jne pop
jne pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add add
add add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg pop
jg pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea lea
lea lea lea
lea lea pop
lea pop mov
pop mov mov
mov mov test
mov test jle
test jle push
jle push push
push push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov cmp
mov cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test je
test je sub
je sub movd
sub movd test
movd test je
test je sub
je sub movq
sub movq pslldq
movq pslldq por
pslldq por test
por test je
test je sub
je sub movdqa
sub movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu test
movdqu test mov
test mov je
mov je movdqa
je movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu jmp
movdqu jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqa
movdqu movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw pxor
punpckhbw pxor movdqa
pxor movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw punpcklbw
punpckhbw punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw psrlw
punpckhbw psrlw psrlw
psrlw psrlw movdqa
psrlw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw pxor
packssdw pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa sub
movdqa sub add
sub add add
add add add
add add add
add add cmp
add cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test jne
test jne pop
jne pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add add
add add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg pop
jg pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea lea
lea lea lea
lea lea pop
lea pop mov
pop mov mov
mov mov test
mov test jle
test jle push
jle push push
push push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov cmp
mov cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test je
test je sub
je sub movd
sub movd test
movd test je
test je sub
je sub movq
sub movq pslldq
movq pslldq por
pslldq por test
por test je
test je sub
je sub movdqa
sub movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu test
movdqu test mov
test mov je
mov je movdqa
je movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu jmp
movdqu jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqa
movdqu movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw pxor
punpckhbw pxor movdqa
pxor movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw punpcklbw
punpckhbw punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw psrlw
punpckhbw psrlw psrlw
psrlw psrlw movdqa
psrlw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw pxor
packssdw pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa sub
movdqa sub add
sub add add
add add add
add add add
add add cmp
add cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test jne
test jne pop
jne pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add add
add add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg pop
jg pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea lea
lea lea lea
lea lea pop
lea pop mov
pop mov mov
mov mov test
mov test jle
test jle push
jle push push
push push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov cmp
mov cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test je
test je sub
je sub movd
sub movd test
movd test je
test je sub
je sub movq
sub movq pslldq
movq pslldq por
pslldq por test
por test je
test je sub
je sub movdqa
sub movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu test
movdqu test mov
test mov je
mov je movdqa
je movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu jmp
movdqu jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqa
movdqu movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw pxor
punpckhbw pxor movdqa
pxor movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw punpcklbw
punpckhbw punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw psrlw
punpckhbw psrlw psrlw
psrlw psrlw movdqa
psrlw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw pxor
packssdw pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrld
punpckhwd psrld psrld
psrld psrld movdqa
psrld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa sub
movdqa sub add
sub add add
add add add
add add add
add add cmp
add cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test jne
test jne pop
jne pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add add
add add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg pop
jg pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps mov
movaps mov movdqa
mov movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq movdqa
punpckhqdq movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq movdqa
punpckhqdq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa psubw
movdqa psubw psubw
psubw psubw paddw
psubw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq movdqa
punpckhqdq movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq movdqa
punpckhqdq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw psubw
paddw psubw psubw
psubw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa psubw
movdqa psubw psubw
psubw psubw paddw
psubw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psllw
paddw psllw pmulhw
psllw pmulhw movdqa
pmulhw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa psubw
movdqa psubw psubw
psubw psubw paddw
psubw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psllw
paddw psllw psllw
psllw psllw psllw
psllw psllw pmulhw
psllw pmulhw movdqa
pmulhw movdqa psubw
movdqa psubw pmulhw
psubw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw paddw
pmulhw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa psubw
movdqa psubw paddw
psubw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa psubw
movdqa psubw psubw
psubw psubw paddw
psubw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq movdqa
punpckhqdq movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq movdqa
punpckhqdq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa psubw
movdqa psubw psubw
psubw psubw paddw
psubw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq movdqa
punpckhqdq movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq movdqa
punpckhqdq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw psubw
paddw psubw psubw
psubw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa psubw
movdqa psubw psubw
psubw psubw paddw
psubw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psllw
paddw psllw pmulhw
psllw pmulhw movdqa
pmulhw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa psubw
movdqa psubw psubw
psubw psubw paddw
psubw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psllw
paddw psllw psllw
psllw psllw psllw
psllw psllw pmulhw
psllw pmulhw movdqa
pmulhw movdqa psubw
movdqa psubw pmulhw
psubw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw paddw
pmulhw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa psubw
movdqa psubw paddw
psubw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa psubw
movdqa psubw psubw
psubw psubw paddw
psubw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movaps
movdqa movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov pop
mov pop movdqa
pop movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pcmpeqw
pxor pcmpeqw psllw
pcmpeqw psllw movdqa
psllw movdqa punpckhbw
movdqa punpckhbw punpcklbw
punpckhbw punpcklbw movdqa
punpcklbw movdqa punpckhbw
movdqa punpckhbw punpcklbw
punpckhbw punpcklbw paddw
punpcklbw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw pmulhw
paddw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw paddw
pmulhw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd punpcklwd
pmaddwd punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw psubw
packssdw psubw psubw
psubw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa mov
movdqa mov jmp
mov jmp movdqa
jmp movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pcmpeqw
movdqa pcmpeqw psrlw
pcmpeqw psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw movdqa
psrlw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb punpcklbw
packuswb punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw movdqa
punpcklbw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrldq
punpckhwd psrldq psrldq
psrldq psrldq movdqa
psrldq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrldq
punpckhwd psrldq movdqa
psrldq movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pshufd
punpckhwd pshufd movdqa
pshufd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckldq
punpckldq punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq pshufd
punpckhdq pshufd movdqa
pshufd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckldq
punpckldq punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq punpcklqdq
punpckhdq punpcklqdq punpcklqdq
punpcklqdq punpcklqdq punpcklqdq
punpcklqdq punpcklqdq cmp
punpcklqdq cmp jb
cmp jb test
jb test jne
test jne movntdq
jne movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq jmp
movntdq jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add sub
add sub je
sub je add
je add dec
add dec jne
dec jne add
jne add add
add add jmp
add jmp lea
jmp lea cmp
lea cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa sub
movdqa sub jmp
sub jmp cmp
jmp cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa sub
movdqa sub cmp
sub cmp jb
cmp jb movq
jb movq add
movq add sub
add sub psrldq
sub psrldq cmp
psrldq cmp jb
cmp jb movd
jb movd add
movd add sub
add sub psrldq
sub psrldq movd
psrldq movd cmp
movd cmp jb
cmp jb mov
jb mov add
mov add sub
add sub shr
sub shr test
shr test je
test je mov
je mov sfence
mov sfence pop
sfence pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov call
mov call pop
call pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add push
add push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov call
mov call pop
call pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov pop
mov pop movdqa
pop movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pcmpeqw
pxor pcmpeqw psllw
pcmpeqw psllw movdqa
psllw movdqa punpckhbw
movdqa punpckhbw punpcklbw
punpckhbw punpcklbw movdqa
punpcklbw movdqa punpckhbw
movdqa punpckhbw punpcklbw
punpckhbw punpcklbw paddw
punpcklbw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw pmulhw
paddw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw paddw
pmulhw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd punpcklwd
pmaddwd punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw psubw
packssdw psubw psubw
psubw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa mov
movdqa mov jmp
mov jmp movdqa
jmp movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pcmpeqw
movdqa pcmpeqw psrlw
pcmpeqw psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw movdqa
psrlw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb punpcklbw
packuswb punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw movdqa
punpcklbw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrldq
punpckhwd psrldq psrldq
psrldq psrldq movdqa
psrldq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrldq
punpckhwd psrldq movdqa
psrldq movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pshufd
punpckhwd pshufd movdqa
pshufd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckldq
punpckldq punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq pshufd
punpckhdq pshufd movdqa
pshufd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckldq
punpckldq punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq punpcklqdq
punpckhdq punpcklqdq punpcklqdq
punpcklqdq punpcklqdq punpcklqdq
punpcklqdq punpcklqdq cmp
punpcklqdq cmp jb
cmp jb test
jb test jne
test jne movntdq
jne movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq jmp
movntdq jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add sub
add sub je
sub je add
je add dec
add dec jne
dec jne add
jne add add
add add jmp
add jmp lea
jmp lea cmp
lea cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa sub
movdqa sub jmp
sub jmp cmp
jmp cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa sub
movdqa sub cmp
sub cmp jb
cmp jb movq
jb movq add
movq add sub
add sub psrldq
sub psrldq cmp
psrldq cmp jb
cmp jb movd
jb movd add
movd add sub
add sub psrldq
sub psrldq movd
psrldq movd cmp
movd cmp jb
cmp jb mov
jb mov add
mov add sub
add sub shr
sub shr test
shr test je
test je mov
je mov sfence
mov sfence pop
sfence pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov call
mov call pop
call pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add push
add push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov call
mov call pop
call pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov pop
mov pop movdqa
pop movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pcmpeqw
pxor pcmpeqw psllw
pcmpeqw psllw movdqa
psllw movdqa punpckhbw
movdqa punpckhbw punpcklbw
punpckhbw punpcklbw movdqa
punpcklbw movdqa punpckhbw
movdqa punpckhbw punpcklbw
punpckhbw punpcklbw paddw
punpcklbw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw pmulhw
paddw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw paddw
pmulhw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd punpcklwd
pmaddwd punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw psubw
packssdw psubw psubw
psubw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa mov
movdqa mov jmp
mov jmp movdqa
jmp movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pcmpeqw
movdqa pcmpeqw psrlw
pcmpeqw psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw movdqa
psrlw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb pcmpeqb
packuswb pcmpeqb pcmpeqb
pcmpeqb pcmpeqb punpcklbw
pcmpeqb punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw movdqa
punpcklbw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq cmp
punpckhdq cmp jb
cmp jb test
jb test jne
test jne movntdq
jne movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq jmp
movntdq jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add sub
add sub je
sub je add
je add dec
add dec jne
dec jne add
jne add add
add add jmp
add jmp cmp
jmp cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa sub
movdqa sub cmp
sub cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa sub
movdqa sub cmp
sub cmp jb
cmp jb movq
jb movq add
movq add sub
add sub psrldq
sub psrldq test
psrldq test je
test je movd
je movd sfence
movd sfence pop
sfence pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop push
nop push mov
push mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov call
mov call pop
call pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add push
add push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov call
mov call pop
call pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov pop
mov pop movdqa
pop movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pcmpeqw
pxor pcmpeqw psllw
pcmpeqw psllw movdqa
psllw movdqa punpckhbw
movdqa punpckhbw punpcklbw
punpckhbw punpcklbw movdqa
punpcklbw movdqa punpckhbw
movdqa punpckhbw punpcklbw
punpckhbw punpcklbw paddw
punpcklbw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw pmulhw
paddw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw paddw
pmulhw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd punpcklwd
pmaddwd punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw psubw
packssdw psubw psubw
psubw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa mov
movdqa mov jmp
mov jmp movdqa
jmp movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pcmpeqw
movdqa pcmpeqw psrlw
pcmpeqw psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw movdqa
psrlw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb punpcklbw
packuswb punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw movdqa
punpcklbw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrldq
punpckhwd psrldq psrldq
psrldq psrldq movdqa
psrldq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrldq
punpckhwd psrldq movdqa
psrldq movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pshufd
punpckhwd pshufd movdqa
pshufd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckldq
punpckldq punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq pshufd
punpckhdq pshufd movdqa
pshufd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckldq
punpckldq punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq punpcklqdq
punpckhdq punpcklqdq punpcklqdq
punpcklqdq punpcklqdq punpcklqdq
punpcklqdq punpcklqdq cmp
punpcklqdq cmp jb
cmp jb test
jb test jne
test jne movntdq
jne movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq jmp
movntdq jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add sub
add sub je
sub je add
je add dec
add dec jne
dec jne add
jne add add
add add jmp
add jmp lea
jmp lea cmp
lea cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa sub
movdqa sub jmp
sub jmp cmp
jmp cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa sub
movdqa sub cmp
sub cmp jb
cmp jb movq
jb movq add
movq add sub
add sub psrldq
sub psrldq cmp
psrldq cmp jb
cmp jb movd
jb movd add
movd add sub
add sub psrldq
sub psrldq movd
psrldq movd cmp
movd cmp jb
cmp jb mov
jb mov add
mov add sub
add sub shr
sub shr test
shr test je
test je mov
je mov sfence
mov sfence pop
sfence pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov call
mov call pop
call pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add push
add push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov call
mov call pop
call pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov pop
mov pop movdqa
pop movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pcmpeqw
pxor pcmpeqw psllw
pcmpeqw psllw movdqa
psllw movdqa punpckhbw
movdqa punpckhbw punpcklbw
punpckhbw punpcklbw movdqa
punpcklbw movdqa punpckhbw
movdqa punpckhbw punpcklbw
punpckhbw punpcklbw paddw
punpcklbw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw pmulhw
paddw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw paddw
pmulhw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd punpcklwd
pmaddwd punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw psubw
packssdw psubw psubw
psubw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa mov
movdqa mov jmp
mov jmp movdqa
jmp movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pcmpeqw
movdqa pcmpeqw psrlw
pcmpeqw psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw movdqa
psrlw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb pcmpeqb
packuswb pcmpeqb pcmpeqb
pcmpeqb pcmpeqb punpcklbw
pcmpeqb punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw movdqa
punpcklbw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq cmp
punpckhdq cmp jb
cmp jb test
jb test jne
test jne movntdq
jne movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq jmp
movntdq jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add sub
add sub je
sub je add
je add dec
add dec jne
dec jne add
jne add add
add add jmp
add jmp cmp
jmp cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa sub
movdqa sub cmp
sub cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa sub
movdqa sub cmp
sub cmp jb
cmp jb movq
jb movq add
movq add sub
add sub psrldq
sub psrldq test
psrldq test je
test je movd
je movd sfence
movd sfence pop
sfence pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop push
nop push mov
push mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov call
mov call pop
call pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add push
add push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov call
mov call pop
call pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov pop
mov pop movdqa
pop movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pcmpeqw
pxor pcmpeqw psllw
pcmpeqw psllw movdqa
psllw movdqa punpckhbw
movdqa punpckhbw punpcklbw
punpckhbw punpcklbw movdqa
punpcklbw movdqa punpckhbw
movdqa punpckhbw punpcklbw
punpckhbw punpcklbw paddw
punpcklbw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw pmulhw
paddw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw paddw
pmulhw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd punpcklwd
pmaddwd punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw psubw
packssdw psubw psubw
psubw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa mov
movdqa mov jmp
mov jmp movdqa
jmp movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pcmpeqw
movdqa pcmpeqw psrlw
pcmpeqw psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw movdqa
psrlw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb pcmpeqb
packuswb pcmpeqb pcmpeqb
pcmpeqb pcmpeqb punpcklbw
pcmpeqb punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw movdqa
punpcklbw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq cmp
punpckhdq cmp jb
cmp jb test
jb test jne
test jne movntdq
jne movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq jmp
movntdq jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add sub
add sub je
sub je add
je add dec
add dec jne
dec jne add
jne add add
add add jmp
add jmp cmp
jmp cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa sub
movdqa sub cmp
sub cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa sub
movdqa sub cmp
sub cmp jb
cmp jb movq
jb movq add
movq add sub
add sub psrldq
sub psrldq test
psrldq test je
test je movd
je movd sfence
movd sfence pop
sfence pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop push
nop push mov
push mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov call
mov call pop
call pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add push
add push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov call
mov call pop
call pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov pop
mov pop movdqa
pop movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pcmpeqw
pxor pcmpeqw psllw
pcmpeqw psllw movdqa
psllw movdqa punpckhbw
movdqa punpckhbw punpcklbw
punpckhbw punpcklbw movdqa
punpcklbw movdqa punpckhbw
movdqa punpckhbw punpcklbw
punpckhbw punpcklbw paddw
punpcklbw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw pmulhw
paddw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw paddw
pmulhw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd punpcklwd
pmaddwd punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw psubw
packssdw psubw psubw
psubw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa mov
movdqa mov jmp
mov jmp movdqa
jmp movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pcmpeqw
movdqa pcmpeqw psrlw
pcmpeqw psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw movdqa
psrlw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb pcmpeqb
packuswb pcmpeqb pcmpeqb
pcmpeqb pcmpeqb punpcklbw
pcmpeqb punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw movdqa
punpcklbw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq cmp
punpckhdq cmp jb
cmp jb test
jb test jne
test jne movntdq
jne movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq jmp
movntdq jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add sub
add sub je
sub je add
je add dec
add dec jne
dec jne add
jne add add
add add jmp
add jmp cmp
jmp cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa sub
movdqa sub cmp
sub cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa sub
movdqa sub cmp
sub cmp jb
cmp jb movq
jb movq add
movq add sub
add sub psrldq
sub psrldq test
psrldq test je
test je movd
je movd sfence
movd sfence pop
sfence pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop push
nop push mov
push mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov call
mov call pop
call pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add push
add push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov call
mov call pop
call pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea lea
lea lea lea
lea lea pop
lea pop mov
pop mov mov
mov mov test
mov test jle
test jle push
jle push push
push push push
push push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov movdqa
mov movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pcmpeqw
movdqa pcmpeqw pcmpeqw
pcmpeqw pcmpeqw psrlw
pcmpeqw psrlw psllw
psrlw psllw movdqa
psllw movdqa pand
movdqa pand psrlw
pand psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw paddw
psrlw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw pmulhw
paddw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw paddw
pmulhw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd punpcklwd
pmaddwd punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw psubw
packssdw psubw psubw
psubw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa pcmpeqw
movdqa pcmpeqw psrlw
pcmpeqw psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw paddw
psrlw paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb punpcklbw
packuswb punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw movdqa
punpcklbw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrldq
punpckhwd psrldq psrldq
psrldq psrldq movdqa
psrldq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrldq
punpckhwd psrldq movdqa
psrldq movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pshufd
punpckhwd pshufd movdqa
pshufd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckldq
punpckldq punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq pshufd
punpckhdq pshufd movdqa
pshufd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckldq
punpckldq punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq punpcklqdq
punpckhdq punpcklqdq punpcklqdq
punpcklqdq punpcklqdq punpcklqdq
punpcklqdq punpcklqdq cmp
punpcklqdq cmp jb
cmp jb test
jb test jne
test jne movntdq
jne movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq jmp
movntdq jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add sub
add sub je
sub je add
je add add
add add add
add add jmp
add jmp lea
jmp lea cmp
lea cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa sub
movdqa sub jmp
sub jmp cmp
jmp cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa sub
movdqa sub cmp
sub cmp jb
cmp jb movq
jb movq add
movq add sub
add sub psrldq
sub psrldq cmp
psrldq cmp jb
cmp jb movd
jb movd add
movd add sub
add sub psrldq
sub psrldq movd
psrldq movd cmp
movd cmp jb
cmp jb mov
jb mov add
mov add sub
add sub shr
sub shr test
shr test je
test je mov
je mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add add
add add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg sfence
jg sfence pop
sfence pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea lea
lea lea lea
lea lea pop
lea pop mov
pop mov mov
mov mov test
mov test jle
test jle push
jle push push
push push push
push push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov movdqa
mov movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pcmpeqw
movdqa pcmpeqw pcmpeqw
pcmpeqw pcmpeqw psrlw
pcmpeqw psrlw psllw
psrlw psllw movdqa
psllw movdqa pand
movdqa pand psrlw
pand psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw paddw
psrlw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw pmulhw
paddw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw paddw
pmulhw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd punpcklwd
pmaddwd punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw psubw
packssdw psubw psubw
psubw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa pcmpeqw
movdqa pcmpeqw psrlw
pcmpeqw psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw paddw
psrlw paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb punpcklbw
packuswb punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw movdqa
punpcklbw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrldq
punpckhwd psrldq psrldq
psrldq psrldq movdqa
psrldq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrldq
punpckhwd psrldq movdqa
psrldq movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pshufd
punpckhwd pshufd movdqa
pshufd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckldq
punpckldq punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq pshufd
punpckhdq pshufd movdqa
pshufd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckldq
punpckldq punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq punpcklqdq
punpckhdq punpcklqdq punpcklqdq
punpcklqdq punpcklqdq punpcklqdq
punpcklqdq punpcklqdq cmp
punpcklqdq cmp jb
cmp jb test
jb test jne
test jne movntdq
jne movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq jmp
movntdq jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add sub
add sub je
sub je add
je add add
add add add
add add jmp
add jmp lea
jmp lea cmp
lea cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa sub
movdqa sub jmp
sub jmp cmp
jmp cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa sub
movdqa sub cmp
sub cmp jb
cmp jb movq
jb movq add
movq add sub
add sub psrldq
sub psrldq cmp
psrldq cmp jb
cmp jb movd
jb movd add
movd add sub
add sub psrldq
sub psrldq movd
psrldq movd cmp
movd cmp jb
cmp jb mov
jb mov add
mov add sub
add sub shr
sub shr test
shr test je
test je mov
je mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add add
add add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg sfence
jg sfence pop
sfence pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea lea
lea lea lea
lea lea pop
lea pop mov
pop mov mov
mov mov test
mov test jle
test jle push
jle push push
push push push
push push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov movdqa
mov movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pcmpeqw
movdqa pcmpeqw pcmpeqw
pcmpeqw pcmpeqw psrlw
pcmpeqw psrlw psllw
psrlw psllw movdqa
psllw movdqa pand
movdqa pand psrlw
pand psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw paddw
psrlw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw pmulhw
paddw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw paddw
pmulhw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd punpcklwd
pmaddwd punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw psubw
packssdw psubw psubw
psubw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa pcmpeqw
movdqa pcmpeqw psrlw
pcmpeqw psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw paddw
psrlw paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb pcmpeqb
packuswb pcmpeqb pcmpeqb
pcmpeqb pcmpeqb punpcklbw
pcmpeqb punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw movdqa
punpcklbw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq cmp
punpckhdq cmp jb
cmp jb test
jb test jne
test jne movntdq
jne movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq jmp
movntdq jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add sub
add sub je
sub je add
je add add
add add add
add add jmp
add jmp cmp
jmp cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa sub
movdqa sub cmp
sub cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa sub
movdqa sub cmp
sub cmp jb
cmp jb movq
jb movq add
movq add sub
add sub psrldq
sub psrldq test
psrldq test je
test je movd
je movd pop
movd pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add add
add add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg sfence
jg sfence pop
sfence pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea lea
lea lea lea
lea lea pop
lea pop mov
pop mov mov
mov mov test
mov test jle
test jle push
jle push push
push push push
push push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov movdqa
mov movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pcmpeqw
movdqa pcmpeqw pcmpeqw
pcmpeqw pcmpeqw psrlw
pcmpeqw psrlw psllw
psrlw psllw movdqa
psllw movdqa pand
movdqa pand psrlw
pand psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw paddw
psrlw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw pmulhw
paddw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw paddw
pmulhw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd punpcklwd
pmaddwd punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw psubw
packssdw psubw psubw
psubw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa pcmpeqw
movdqa pcmpeqw psrlw
pcmpeqw psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw paddw
psrlw paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb punpcklbw
packuswb punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw movdqa
punpcklbw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrldq
punpckhwd psrldq psrldq
psrldq psrldq movdqa
psrldq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrldq
punpckhwd psrldq movdqa
psrldq movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pshufd
punpckhwd pshufd movdqa
pshufd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckldq
punpckldq punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq pshufd
punpckhdq pshufd movdqa
pshufd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckldq
punpckldq punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq punpcklqdq
punpckhdq punpcklqdq punpcklqdq
punpcklqdq punpcklqdq punpcklqdq
punpcklqdq punpcklqdq cmp
punpcklqdq cmp jb
cmp jb test
jb test jne
test jne movntdq
jne movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq jmp
movntdq jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add sub
add sub je
sub je add
je add add
add add add
add add jmp
add jmp lea
jmp lea cmp
lea cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa sub
movdqa sub jmp
sub jmp cmp
jmp cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa sub
movdqa sub cmp
sub cmp jb
cmp jb movq
jb movq add
movq add sub
add sub psrldq
sub psrldq cmp
psrldq cmp jb
cmp jb movd
jb movd add
movd add sub
add sub psrldq
sub psrldq movd
psrldq movd cmp
movd cmp jb
cmp jb mov
jb mov add
mov add sub
add sub shr
sub shr test
shr test je
test je mov
je mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add add
add add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg sfence
jg sfence pop
sfence pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea lea
lea lea lea
lea lea pop
lea pop mov
pop mov mov
mov mov test
mov test jle
test jle push
jle push push
push push push
push push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov movdqa
mov movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pcmpeqw
movdqa pcmpeqw pcmpeqw
pcmpeqw pcmpeqw psrlw
pcmpeqw psrlw psllw
psrlw psllw movdqa
psllw movdqa pand
movdqa pand psrlw
pand psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw paddw
psrlw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw pmulhw
paddw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw paddw
pmulhw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd punpcklwd
pmaddwd punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw psubw
packssdw psubw psubw
psubw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa pcmpeqw
movdqa pcmpeqw psrlw
pcmpeqw psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw paddw
psrlw paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb pcmpeqb
packuswb pcmpeqb pcmpeqb
pcmpeqb pcmpeqb punpcklbw
pcmpeqb punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw movdqa
punpcklbw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq cmp
punpckhdq cmp jb
cmp jb test
jb test jne
test jne movntdq
jne movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq jmp
movntdq jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add sub
add sub je
sub je add
je add add
add add add
add add jmp
add jmp cmp
jmp cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa sub
movdqa sub cmp
sub cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa sub
movdqa sub cmp
sub cmp jb
cmp jb movq
jb movq add
movq add sub
add sub psrldq
sub psrldq test
psrldq test je
test je movd
je movd pop
movd pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add add
add add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg sfence
jg sfence pop
sfence pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea lea
lea lea lea
lea lea pop
lea pop mov
pop mov mov
mov mov test
mov test jle
test jle push
jle push push
push push push
push push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov movdqa
mov movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pcmpeqw
movdqa pcmpeqw pcmpeqw
pcmpeqw pcmpeqw psrlw
pcmpeqw psrlw psllw
psrlw psllw movdqa
psllw movdqa pand
movdqa pand psrlw
pand psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw paddw
psrlw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw pmulhw
paddw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw paddw
pmulhw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd punpcklwd
pmaddwd punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw psubw
packssdw psubw psubw
psubw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa pcmpeqw
movdqa pcmpeqw psrlw
pcmpeqw psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw paddw
psrlw paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb pcmpeqb
packuswb pcmpeqb pcmpeqb
pcmpeqb pcmpeqb punpcklbw
pcmpeqb punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw movdqa
punpcklbw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq cmp
punpckhdq cmp jb
cmp jb test
jb test jne
test jne movntdq
jne movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq jmp
movntdq jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add sub
add sub je
sub je add
je add add
add add add
add add jmp
add jmp cmp
jmp cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa sub
movdqa sub cmp
sub cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa sub
movdqa sub cmp
sub cmp jb
cmp jb movq
jb movq add
movq add sub
add sub psrldq
sub psrldq test
psrldq test je
test je movd
je movd pop
movd pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add add
add add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg sfence
jg sfence pop
sfence pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea lea
lea lea lea
lea lea pop
lea pop mov
pop mov mov
mov mov test
mov test jle
test jle push
jle push push
push push push
push push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov movdqa
mov movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pcmpeqw
movdqa pcmpeqw pcmpeqw
pcmpeqw pcmpeqw psrlw
pcmpeqw psrlw psllw
psrlw psllw movdqa
psllw movdqa pand
movdqa pand psrlw
pand psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw paddw
psrlw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw pmulhw
paddw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw paddw
pmulhw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw paddw
psraw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd punpcklwd
pmaddwd punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw psubw
packssdw psubw psubw
psubw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa pcmpeqw
movdqa pcmpeqw psrlw
pcmpeqw psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw paddw
psrlw paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb paddw
packuswb paddw paddw
paddw paddw packuswb
paddw packuswb packuswb
packuswb packuswb pcmpeqb
packuswb pcmpeqb pcmpeqb
pcmpeqb pcmpeqb punpcklbw
pcmpeqb punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw movdqa
punpcklbw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq cmp
punpckhdq cmp jb
cmp jb test
jb test jne
test jne movntdq
jne movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq movntdq
movntdq movntdq jmp
movntdq jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add sub
add sub je
sub je add
je add add
add add add
add add jmp
add jmp cmp
jmp cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa sub
movdqa sub cmp
sub cmp jb
cmp jb movdqu
jb movdqu add
movdqu add movdqa
add movdqa sub
movdqa sub cmp
sub cmp jb
cmp jb movq
jb movq add
movq add sub
add sub psrldq
sub psrldq test
psrldq test je
test je movd
je movd pop
movd pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add add
add add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg sfence
jg sfence pop
sfence pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea pop
lea pop mov
pop mov mov
mov mov test
mov test jle
test jle push
jle push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov cmp
mov cmp jae
cmp jae push
jae push push
push push lea
push lea test
lea test je
test je sub
je sub movzx
sub movzx test
movzx test je
test je sub
je sub movzx
sub movzx shl
movzx shl or
shl or movd
or movd pop
movd pop pop
pop pop test
pop test je
test je sub
je sub movd
sub movd pslldq
movd pslldq por
pslldq por test
por test je
test je sub
je sub movq
sub movq pslldq
movq pslldq por
pslldq por test
por test je
test je movdqa
je movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu mov
movdqu mov jmp
mov jmp test
jmp test mov
test mov je
mov je movdqa
je movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu jmp
movdqu jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqa
movdqu movdqa pslldq
movdqa pslldq psrldq
pslldq psrldq punpckhbw
psrldq punpckhbw pslldq
punpckhbw pslldq punpcklbw
pslldq punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa pslldq
movdqa pslldq psrldq
pslldq psrldq punpckhbw
psrldq punpckhbw pslldq
punpckhbw pslldq punpcklbw
pslldq punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa pslldq
movdqa pslldq psrldq
pslldq psrldq punpckhbw
psrldq punpckhbw pslldq
punpckhbw pslldq punpcklbw
pslldq punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw pxor
punpckhbw pxor movdqa
pxor movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa sub
movdqa sub add
sub add add
add add cmp
add cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test jne
test jne pop
jne pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg pop
jg pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea pop
lea pop mov
pop mov mov
mov mov test
mov test jle
test jle push
jle push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov cmp
mov cmp jae
cmp jae push
jae push push
push push lea
push lea test
lea test je
test je sub
je sub movzx
sub movzx test
movzx test je
test je sub
je sub movzx
sub movzx shl
movzx shl or
shl or movd
or movd pop
movd pop pop
pop pop test
pop test je
test je sub
je sub movd
sub movd pslldq
movd pslldq por
pslldq por test
por test je
test je sub
je sub movq
sub movq pslldq
movq pslldq por
pslldq por test
por test je
test je movdqa
je movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu mov
movdqu mov jmp
mov jmp test
jmp test mov
test mov je
mov je movdqa
je movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu jmp
movdqu jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqa
movdqu movdqa pslldq
movdqa pslldq psrldq
pslldq psrldq punpckhbw
psrldq punpckhbw pslldq
punpckhbw pslldq punpcklbw
pslldq punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa pslldq
movdqa pslldq psrldq
pslldq psrldq punpckhbw
psrldq punpckhbw pslldq
punpckhbw pslldq punpcklbw
pslldq punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa pslldq
movdqa pslldq psrldq
pslldq psrldq punpckhbw
psrldq punpckhbw pslldq
punpckhbw pslldq punpcklbw
pslldq punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw pxor
punpckhbw pxor movdqa
pxor movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa sub
movdqa sub add
sub add add
add add cmp
add cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test jne
test jne pop
jne pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg pop
jg pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea pop
lea pop mov
pop mov mov
mov mov test
mov test jle
test jle push
jle push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov cmp
mov cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test je
test je sub
je sub movd
sub movd test
movd test je
test je sub
je sub movq
sub movq pslldq
movq pslldq por
pslldq por test
por test je
test je sub
je sub movdqa
sub movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu test
movdqu test mov
test mov je
mov je movdqa
je movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu jmp
movdqu jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqa
movdqu movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw pxor
punpckhbw pxor movdqa
pxor movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw punpcklbw
punpckhbw punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw psrlw
punpckhbw psrlw psrlw
psrlw psrlw movdqa
psrlw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa sub
movdqa sub add
sub add add
add add cmp
add cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test jne
test jne pop
jne pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg pop
jg pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea pop
lea pop mov
pop mov mov
mov mov test
mov test jle
test jle push
jle push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov cmp
mov cmp jae
cmp jae push
jae push push
push push lea
push lea test
lea test je
test je sub
je sub movzx
sub movzx test
movzx test je
test je sub
je sub movzx
sub movzx shl
movzx shl or
shl or movd
or movd pop
movd pop pop
pop pop test
pop test je
test je sub
je sub movd
sub movd pslldq
movd pslldq por
pslldq por test
por test je
test je sub
je sub movq
sub movq pslldq
movq pslldq por
pslldq por test
por test je
test je movdqa
je movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu mov
movdqu mov jmp
mov jmp test
jmp test mov
test mov je
mov je movdqa
je movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu jmp
movdqu jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqa
movdqu movdqa pslldq
movdqa pslldq psrldq
pslldq psrldq punpckhbw
psrldq punpckhbw pslldq
punpckhbw pslldq punpcklbw
pslldq punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa pslldq
movdqa pslldq psrldq
pslldq psrldq punpckhbw
psrldq punpckhbw pslldq
punpckhbw pslldq punpcklbw
pslldq punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa pslldq
movdqa pslldq psrldq
pslldq psrldq punpckhbw
psrldq punpckhbw pslldq
punpckhbw pslldq punpcklbw
pslldq punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw pxor
punpckhbw pxor movdqa
pxor movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa sub
movdqa sub add
sub add add
add add cmp
add cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test jne
test jne pop
jne pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg pop
jg pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea pop
lea pop mov
pop mov mov
mov mov test
mov test jle
test jle push
jle push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov cmp
mov cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test je
test je sub
je sub movd
sub movd test
movd test je
test je sub
je sub movq
sub movq pslldq
movq pslldq por
pslldq por test
por test je
test je sub
je sub movdqa
sub movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu test
movdqu test mov
test mov je
mov je movdqa
je movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu jmp
movdqu jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqa
movdqu movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw pxor
punpckhbw pxor movdqa
pxor movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw punpcklbw
punpckhbw punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw psrlw
punpckhbw psrlw psrlw
psrlw psrlw movdqa
psrlw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa sub
movdqa sub add
sub add add
add add cmp
add cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test jne
test jne pop
jne pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg pop
jg pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea pop
lea pop mov
pop mov mov
mov mov test
mov test jle
test jle push
jle push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov cmp
mov cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test je
test je sub
je sub movd
sub movd test
movd test je
test je sub
je sub movq
sub movq pslldq
movq pslldq por
pslldq por test
por test je
test je sub
je sub movdqa
sub movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu test
movdqu test mov
test mov je
mov je movdqa
je movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu jmp
movdqu jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqa
movdqu movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw pxor
punpckhbw pxor movdqa
pxor movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw punpcklbw
punpckhbw punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw psrlw
punpckhbw psrlw psrlw
psrlw psrlw movdqa
psrlw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa sub
movdqa sub add
sub add add
add add cmp
add cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test jne
test jne pop
jne pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg pop
jg pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea pop
lea pop mov
pop mov mov
mov mov test
mov test jle
test jle push
jle push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov cmp
mov cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test je
test je sub
je sub movd
sub movd test
movd test je
test je sub
je sub movq
sub movq pslldq
movq pslldq por
pslldq por test
por test je
test je sub
je sub movdqa
sub movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu test
movdqu test mov
test mov je
mov je movdqa
je movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqu
movdqa movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu jmp
movdqu jmp movdqu
jmp movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqu
movdqu movdqu movdqa
movdqu movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw pxor
punpckhbw pxor movdqa
pxor movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw punpcklbw
punpckhbw punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw psrlw
punpckhbw psrlw psrlw
psrlw psrlw movdqa
psrlw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrld
paddd psrld psrld
psrld psrld packssdw
psrld packssdw psllw
packssdw psllw por
psllw por movdqa
por movdqa sub
movdqa sub add
sub add add
add add cmp
add cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test jne
test jne pop
jne pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg pop
jg pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps mov
movaps mov movdqa
mov movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq movdqa
punpckhqdq movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq movdqa
punpckhqdq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa psubw
movdqa psubw psubw
psubw psubw paddw
psubw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq movdqa
punpckhqdq movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq movdqa
punpckhqdq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw psubw
paddw psubw psubw
psubw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw psubw
paddw psubw psubw
psubw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw psubw
paddw psubw psllw
psubw psllw psllw
psllw psllw movdqa
psllw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq movdqa
punpckhqdq movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq movdqa
punpckhqdq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa psubw
movdqa psubw psubw
psubw psubw paddw
psubw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq movdqa
punpckhqdq movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq movdqa
punpckhqdq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw psubw
paddw psubw psubw
psubw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw psubw
paddw psubw psubw
psubw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw psubw
paddw psubw paddw
psubw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw movdqa
psraw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movaps
movdqa movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps mov
movaps mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov or
mov or jne
or jne movdqa
jne movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa por
movdqa por por
por por por
por por por
por por por
por por por
por por packsswb
por packsswb packsswb
packsswb packsswb movd
packsswb movd test
movd test jne
test jne movdqa
jne movdqa pmullw
movdqa pmullw movdqa
pmullw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pshufd
punpckhwd pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd movdqa
pshufd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa jmp
movdqa jmp movdqa
jmp movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmullw
movdqa pmullw pmullw
pmullw pmullw movdqa
pmullw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmullw
movdqa pmullw pmullw
pmullw pmullw movdqa
pmullw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa psubw
movdqa psubw psubw
psubw psubw paddw
psubw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psllw
paddw psllw pmulhw
psllw pmulhw psubw
pmulhw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa psubw
movdqa psubw psubw
psubw psubw paddw
psubw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmullw
movdqa pmullw pmullw
pmullw pmullw movdqa
pmullw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmullw
movdqa pmullw pmullw
pmullw pmullw movdqa
pmullw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa psubw
movdqa psubw psubw
psubw psubw paddw
psubw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa psllw
movdqa psllw psllw
psllw psllw movdqa
psllw movdqa psubw
movdqa psubw paddw
psubw paddw psllw
paddw psllw pmulhw
psllw pmulhw movdqa
pmulhw movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw pmulhw
paddw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw psubw
pmulhw psubw psubw
psubw psubw paddw
psubw paddw psubw
paddw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw psubw
paddw psubw psubw
psubw psubw psubw
psubw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw psubw
paddw psubw psubw
psubw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq movdqa
punpckhqdq movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq movdqa
punpckhqdq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq movdqa
punpckhqdq movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq prefetchnta
punpckhqdq prefetchnta prefetchnta
prefetchnta prefetchnta prefetchnta
prefetchnta prefetchnta prefetchnta
prefetchnta prefetchnta mov
prefetchnta mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov movdqa
mov movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa psubw
movdqa psubw psubw
psubw psubw paddw
psubw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psllw
paddw psllw pmulhw
psllw pmulhw psubw
pmulhw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa psubw
movdqa psubw psubw
psubw psubw paddw
psubw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa psubw
movdqa psubw psubw
psubw psubw paddw
psubw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa psllw
movdqa psllw psllw
psllw psllw movdqa
psllw movdqa psubw
movdqa psubw paddw
psubw paddw psllw
paddw psllw pmulhw
psllw pmulhw movdqa
pmulhw movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw pmulhw
paddw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw pmulhw
pmulhw pmulhw psubw
pmulhw psubw psubw
psubw psubw paddw
psubw paddw psubw
paddw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw psubw
psraw psubw psubw
psubw psubw psraw
psubw psraw psraw
psraw psraw psubw
psraw psubw packsswb
psubw packsswb packsswb
packsswb packsswb movdqa
packsswb movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw psraw
paddw psraw psraw
psraw psraw psubw
psraw psubw psubw
psubw psubw psraw
psubw psraw psraw
psraw psraw movdqa
psraw movdqa packsswb
movdqa packsswb packsswb
packsswb packsswb paddb
packsswb paddb paddb
paddb paddb paddb
paddb paddb paddb
paddb paddb movdqa
paddb movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq pshufd
punpckhdq pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd mov
pshufd mov mov
mov mov movq
mov movq movq
movq movq mov
movq mov mov
mov mov movq
mov movq movq
movq movq mov
movq mov mov
mov mov movq
mov movq movq
movq movq mov
movq mov mov
mov mov movq
mov movq movq
movq movq movaps
movq movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret ret
ret ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps mov
movaps mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov or
mov or jne
or jne movdqa
jne movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa por
movdqa por por
por por por
por por por
por por por
por por packsswb
por packsswb packsswb
packsswb packsswb movd
packsswb movd test
movd test jne
test jne movdqa
jne movdqa pmullw
movdqa pmullw psllw
pmullw psllw movdqa
psllw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pshufd
punpckhwd pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd jmp
pshufd jmp movdqa
jmp movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmullw
movdqa pmullw pmullw
pmullw pmullw movdqa
pmullw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmullw
movdqa pmullw pmullw
pmullw pmullw movdqa
pmullw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd movdqa
paddd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmullw
movdqa pmullw pmullw
pmullw pmullw pmullw
pmullw pmullw pxor
pmullw pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrad
punpckhwd psrad psrad
psrad psrad movdqa
psrad movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pmaddwd
punpckhwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd psubd
paddd psubd psubd
psubd psubd movdqa
psubd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd psubd
paddd psubd psubd
psubd psubd movdqa
psubd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd psubd
paddd psubd psubd
psubd psubd movdqa
psubd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq prefetchnta
punpckhdq prefetchnta prefetchnta
prefetchnta prefetchnta prefetchnta
prefetchnta prefetchnta prefetchnta
prefetchnta prefetchnta mov
prefetchnta mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov pxor
mov pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd psrad
punpcklwd psrad punpckhwd
psrad punpckhwd punpckhwd
punpckhwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd punpcklwd
paddd punpcklwd pmaddwd
punpcklwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd psubd
paddd psubd movdqa
psubd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd psubd
paddd psubd psubd
psubd psubd paddd
psubd paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq packsswb
punpckhdq packsswb paddb
packsswb paddb pshufd
paddb pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd mov
pshufd mov mov
mov mov movd
mov movd movd
movd movd mov
movd mov mov
mov mov movd
mov movd movd
movd movd movaps
movd movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov mov
mov mov movdqa
mov movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmullw
movdqa pmullw pmullw
pmullw pmullw movdqa
pmullw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmullw
movdqa pmullw pmullw
pmullw pmullw pcmpeqd
pmullw pcmpeqd pslld
pcmpeqd pslld movdqa
pslld movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpcklwd
punpcklwd punpcklwd pmaddwd
punpcklwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd psrld
pmaddwd psrld pand
psrld pand psrld
pand psrld pand
psrld pand por
pand por por
por por pmaddwd
por pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd movdqa
paddd movdqa pmullw
movdqa pmullw movdqa
pmullw movdqa pslld
movdqa pslld pand
pslld pand psrad
pand psrad psrad
psrad psrad movdqa
psrad movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd psubd
paddd psubd psubd
psubd psubd movdqa
psubd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq movdqa
punpckldq movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq paddd
punpckhqdq paddd psrad
paddd psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad prefetchnta
psrad prefetchnta prefetchnta
prefetchnta prefetchnta prefetchnta
prefetchnta prefetchnta prefetchnta
prefetchnta prefetchnta mov
prefetchnta mov mov
mov mov packssdw
mov packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw pmaddwd
packssdw pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd pslld
paddd pslld movdqa
pslld movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd psubd
paddd psubd punpckldq
psubd punpckldq paddd
punpckldq paddd psrad
paddd psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packsswb
packssdw packsswb paddb
packsswb paddb pextrw
paddb pextrw pextrw
pextrw pextrw mov
pextrw mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov pop
mov pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop push
nop push mov
push mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps mov
movaps mov test
mov test je
test je mov
je mov test
mov test je
test je mov
je mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov test
mov test je
test je mov
je mov mov
mov mov pxor
mov pxor pcmpeqb
pxor pcmpeqb psrldq
pcmpeqb psrldq pand
psrldq pand add
pand add and
add and cmp
and cmp ja
cmp ja pcmpeqb
ja pcmpeqb pslldq
pcmpeqb pslldq pand
pslldq pand jmp
pand jmp movdqa
jmp movdqa pslldq
movdqa pslldq movdqa
pslldq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pslldq
movdqa pslldq psrldq
pslldq psrldq por
psrldq por por
por por movdqa
por movdqa psrldq
movdqa psrldq movdqa
psrldq movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw pmullw
punpckhbw pmullw pmullw
pmullw pmullw paddw
pmullw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psrlw
paddw psrlw psrlw
psrlw psrlw paddw
psrlw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psrlw
paddw psrlw psrlw
psrlw psrlw psllw
psrlw psllw psllw
psllw psllw por
psllw por por
por por movdqa
por movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa sub
movdqa sub add
sub add add
add add cmp
add cmp ja
cmp ja test
ja test jne
test jne pop
jne pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg movaps
jg movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov test
mov test je
test je mov
je mov test
mov test je
test je mov
je mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov test
mov test je
test je push
je push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov pop
mov pop movdqa
pop movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor movdqa
pxor movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw pmullw
punpckhbw pmullw pmullw
pmullw pmullw pcmpeqb
pmullw pcmpeqb psrldq
pcmpeqb psrldq paddw
psrldq paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pand
movdqa pand pand
pand pand movdqa
pand movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa add
movdqa add and
add and cmp
and cmp ja
cmp ja pcmpeqb
ja pcmpeqb pslldq
pcmpeqb pslldq movdqa
pslldq movdqa pand
movdqa pand pand
pand pand movdqa
pand movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa jmp
movdqa jmp movdqa
jmp movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor movdqa
pxor movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw pmullw
punpckhbw pmullw pmullw
pmullw pmullw paddw
pmullw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pslldq
movdqa pslldq pslldq
pslldq pslldq movdqa
pslldq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa psrldq
movdqa psrldq pslldq
psrldq pslldq movdqa
pslldq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa psrldq
movdqa psrldq pslldq
psrldq pslldq por
pslldq por por
por por movdqa
por movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pslldq
movdqa pslldq psrldq
pslldq psrldq movdqa
psrldq movdqa psrldq
movdqa psrldq por
psrldq por por
por por movdqa
por movdqa pmullw
movdqa pmullw pmullw
pmullw pmullw paddw
pmullw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psrlw
paddw psrlw psrlw
psrlw psrlw paddw
psrlw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psrlw
paddw psrlw psrlw
psrlw psrlw psllw
psrlw psllw psllw
psllw psllw por
psllw por por
por por movdqa
por movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa psrldq
movdqa psrldq pslldq
psrldq pslldq movdqa
pslldq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa psrldq
movdqa psrldq pslldq
psrldq pslldq por
pslldq por por
por por movdqa
por movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pslldq
movdqa pslldq psrldq
pslldq psrldq movdqa
psrldq movdqa psrldq
movdqa psrldq por
psrldq por por
por por movdqa
por movdqa pmullw
movdqa pmullw pmullw
pmullw pmullw paddw
pmullw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psrlw
paddw psrlw psrlw
psrlw psrlw paddw
psrlw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psrlw
paddw psrlw psrlw
psrlw psrlw psllw
psrlw psllw psllw
psllw psllw por
psllw por por
por por movdqa
por movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa sub
movdqa sub add
sub add add
add add add
add add add
add add add
add add cmp
add cmp ja
cmp ja test
ja test jne
test jne pop
jne pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add sub
add sub jg
sub jg pop
jg pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps mov
movaps mov add
mov add and
add and je
and je mov
je mov test
mov test je
test je mov
je mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov movdqa
mov movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa sub
movdqa sub je
sub je movdqa
je movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa sub
movdqa sub je
sub je add
je add add
add add jmp
add jmp pop
jmp pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg movaps
jg movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov add
mov add and
add and je
and je mov
je mov test
mov test je
test je mov
je mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov movdqa
mov movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa sub
movdqa sub je
sub je movdqa
je movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa sub
movdqa sub je
sub je add
je add add
add add add
add add jmp
add jmp pop
jmp pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add sub
add sub jg
sub jg pop
jg pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps mov
movaps mov shl
mov shl je
shl je mov
je mov push
mov push shl
push shl sub
shl sub jle
sub jle mov
jle mov test
mov test jle
test jle cld
jle cld mov
cld mov push
mov push push
push push mov
push mov add
mov add mov
add mov rep stosb
mov rep stosb pop
rep stosb pop pop
pop pop add
pop add dec
add dec jg
dec jg pop
jg pop mov
pop mov test
mov test jle
test jle mov
jle mov movd
mov movd pcmpeqw
movd pcmpeqw pshufd
pcmpeqw pshufd psrlw
pshufd psrlw mov
psrlw mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov cmp
mov cmp jae
cmp jae movdqa
jae movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor mov
pxor mov jmp
mov jmp movdqa
jmp movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pand
movdqa pand psrlw
pand psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw paddw
psrlw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psrlw
paddw psrlw psrlw
psrlw psrlw packuswb
psrlw packuswb movdqa
packuswb movdqa sub
movdqa sub add
sub add add
add add cmp
add cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test jne
test jne pop
jne pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg movaps
jg movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps mov
movaps mov shl
mov shl je
shl je mov
je mov push
mov push shl
push shl sub
shl sub jle
sub jle mov
jle mov test
mov test jle
test jle cld
jle cld mov
cld mov push
mov push push
push push mov
push mov add
mov add mov
add mov rep stosb
mov rep stosb pop
rep stosb pop pop
pop pop add
pop add dec
add dec jg
dec jg pop
jg pop mov
pop mov test
mov test jle
test jle mov
jle mov movd
mov movd pcmpeqw
movd pcmpeqw pshufd
pcmpeqw pshufd psrlw
pshufd psrlw mov
psrlw mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov cmp
mov cmp jae
cmp jae movdqa
jae movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor mov
pxor mov jmp
mov jmp movdqa
jmp movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pand
movdqa pand psrlw
pand psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw paddw
psrlw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pand
movdqa pand psrlw
pand psrlw pand
psrlw pand psrlw
pand psrlw paddw
psrlw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw psrlw
paddw psrlw psrlw
psrlw psrlw packuswb
psrlw packuswb movdqa
packuswb movdqa sub
movdqa sub add
sub add add
add add add
add add cmp
add cmp jae
cmp jae test
jae test jne
test jne pop
jne pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop add
pop add add
add add dec
add dec jg
dec jg movaps
jg movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push mov
push mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea mov
lea mov mov
mov mov or
mov or jne
or jne movq
jne movq movq
movq movq movq
movq movq movq
movq movq movq
movq movq movq
movq movq movq
movq movq por
movq por por
por por por
por por por
por por por
por por por
por por packsswb
por packsswb movd
packsswb movd test
movd test jne
test jne movq
jne movq punpcklwd
movq punpcklwd psrad
punpcklwd psrad cvtdq2ps
psrad cvtdq2ps mulps
cvtdq2ps mulps movaps
mulps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps shufps
movaps shufps shufps
shufps shufps shufps
shufps shufps shufps
shufps shufps movaps
shufps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps jmp
movaps jmp movq
jmp movq movq
movq movq movq
movq movq movq
movq movq punpcklwd
movq punpcklwd punpcklwd
punpcklwd punpcklwd psrad
punpcklwd psrad psrad
psrad psrad cvtdq2ps
psrad cvtdq2ps cvtdq2ps
cvtdq2ps cvtdq2ps punpcklwd
cvtdq2ps punpcklwd punpcklwd
punpcklwd punpcklwd psrad
punpcklwd psrad psrad
psrad psrad cvtdq2ps
psrad cvtdq2ps cvtdq2ps
cvtdq2ps cvtdq2ps mulps
cvtdq2ps mulps mulps
mulps mulps mulps
mulps mulps mulps
mulps mulps movaps
mulps movaps movaps
movaps movaps subps
movaps subps subps
subps subps addps
subps addps addps
addps addps mulps
addps mulps subps
mulps subps movaps
subps movaps movaps
movaps movaps subps
movaps subps subps
subps subps addps
subps addps addps
addps addps movaps
addps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movq
movaps movq movq
movq movq movq
movq movq movq
movq movq punpcklwd
movq punpcklwd punpcklwd
punpcklwd punpcklwd psrad
punpcklwd psrad psrad
psrad psrad cvtdq2ps
psrad cvtdq2ps cvtdq2ps
cvtdq2ps cvtdq2ps punpcklwd
cvtdq2ps punpcklwd punpcklwd
punpcklwd punpcklwd psrad
punpcklwd psrad psrad
psrad psrad cvtdq2ps
psrad cvtdq2ps cvtdq2ps
cvtdq2ps cvtdq2ps mulps
cvtdq2ps mulps mulps
mulps mulps mulps
mulps mulps mulps
mulps mulps movaps
mulps movaps movaps
movaps movaps addps
movaps addps addps
addps addps subps
addps subps subps
subps subps movaps
subps movaps subps
movaps subps addps
subps addps mulps
addps mulps movaps
mulps movaps addps
movaps addps mulps
addps mulps mulps
mulps mulps mulps
mulps mulps addps
mulps addps subps
addps subps subps
subps subps movaps
subps movaps movaps
movaps movaps addps
movaps addps addps
addps addps subps
addps subps subps
subps subps subps
subps subps movaps
subps movaps unpcklps
movaps unpcklps unpckhps
unpcklps unpckhps movaps
unpckhps movaps unpcklps
movaps unpcklps unpckhps
unpcklps unpckhps movaps
unpckhps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps addps
movaps addps movaps
addps movaps movaps
movaps movaps addps
movaps addps addps
addps addps subps
addps subps subps
subps subps movaps
subps movaps unpcklps
movaps unpcklps unpckhps
unpcklps unpckhps movaps
unpckhps movaps unpcklps
movaps unpcklps unpckhps
unpcklps unpckhps movaps
unpckhps movaps shufps
movaps shufps shufps
shufps shufps movaps
shufps movaps shufps
movaps shufps shufps
shufps shufps movaps
shufps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps shufps
movaps shufps shufps
shufps shufps movaps
shufps movaps shufps
movaps shufps shufps
shufps shufps movaps
shufps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps add
movaps add add
add add add
add add dec
add dec jne
dec jne prefetchnta
jne prefetchnta prefetchnta
prefetchnta prefetchnta prefetchnta
prefetchnta prefetchnta prefetchnta
prefetchnta prefetchnta mov
prefetchnta mov lea
mov lea mov
lea mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov movaps
mov movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps subps
movaps subps subps
subps subps addps
subps addps addps
addps addps mulps
addps mulps subps
mulps subps movaps
subps movaps movaps
movaps movaps subps
movaps subps subps
subps subps addps
subps addps addps
addps addps movaps
addps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps addps
movaps addps addps
addps addps subps
addps subps subps
subps subps movaps
subps movaps subps
movaps subps addps
subps addps mulps
addps mulps movaps
mulps movaps addps
movaps addps mulps
addps mulps mulps
mulps mulps mulps
mulps mulps addps
mulps addps subps
addps subps subps
subps subps movaps
subps movaps movaps
movaps movaps addps
movaps addps addps
addps addps subps
addps subps subps
subps subps subps
subps subps movaps
subps movaps pcmpeqd
movaps pcmpeqd psrld
pcmpeqd psrld addps
psrld addps addps
addps addps addps
addps addps addps
addps addps pand
addps pand pslld
pand pslld pand
pslld pand pslld
pand pslld por
pslld por por
por por movaps
por movaps movaps
movaps movaps addps
movaps addps movaps
addps movaps movaps
movaps movaps addps
movaps addps addps
addps addps subps
addps subps subps
subps subps movaps
subps movaps pcmpeqd
movaps pcmpeqd psrld
pcmpeqd psrld addps
psrld addps addps
addps addps addps
addps addps addps
addps addps pand
addps pand pslld
pand pslld pand
pslld pand pslld
pand pslld por
pslld por por
por por movdqa
por movdqa packsswb
movdqa packsswb packsswb
packsswb packsswb paddb
packsswb paddb paddb
paddb paddb movdqa
paddb movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq pshufd
punpckhdq pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd mov
pshufd mov mov
mov mov movq
mov movq movq
movq movq mov
movq mov mov
mov mov movq
mov movq movq
movq movq add
movq add add
add add dec
add dec jne
dec jne pop
jne pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps mov
movaps mov mov
mov mov movaps
mov movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps unpcklps
movaps unpcklps unpckhps
unpcklps unpckhps movaps
unpckhps movaps unpcklps
movaps unpcklps unpckhps
unpcklps unpckhps movaps
unpckhps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps unpcklps
movaps unpcklps unpckhps
unpcklps unpckhps movaps
unpckhps movaps unpcklps
movaps unpcklps unpckhps
unpcklps unpckhps movaps
unpckhps movaps shufps
movaps shufps shufps
shufps shufps movaps
shufps movaps shufps
movaps shufps shufps
shufps shufps movaps
shufps movaps movaps
movaps movaps subps
movaps subps subps
subps subps addps
subps addps addps
addps addps movaps
addps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps shufps
movaps shufps shufps
shufps shufps movaps
shufps movaps shufps
movaps shufps shufps
shufps shufps movaps
shufps movaps movaps
movaps movaps addps
movaps addps addps
addps addps subps
addps subps subps
subps subps movaps
subps movaps movaps
movaps movaps subps
movaps subps subps
subps subps addps
subps addps addps
addps addps addps
addps addps mulps
addps mulps movaps
mulps movaps movaps
movaps movaps subps
movaps subps subps
subps subps addps
subps addps addps
addps addps movaps
addps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps addps
movaps addps addps
addps addps addps
addps addps mulps
addps mulps movaps
mulps movaps subps
movaps subps mulps
subps mulps mulps
mulps mulps mulps
mulps mulps addps
mulps addps addps
addps addps movaps
addps movaps subps
movaps subps addps
subps addps movaps
addps movaps movaps
movaps movaps subps
movaps subps subps
subps subps addps
subps addps addps
addps addps movaps
addps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps add
movaps add dec
add dec jne
dec jne mov
jne mov mov
mov mov movaps
mov movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps unpcklps
movaps unpcklps unpckhps
unpcklps unpckhps movaps
unpckhps movaps unpcklps
movaps unpcklps unpckhps
unpcklps unpckhps movaps
unpckhps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps unpcklps
movaps unpcklps unpckhps
unpcklps unpckhps movaps
unpckhps movaps unpcklps
movaps unpcklps unpckhps
unpcklps unpckhps movaps
unpckhps movaps shufps
movaps shufps shufps
shufps shufps movaps
shufps movaps shufps
movaps shufps shufps
shufps shufps movaps
shufps movaps movaps
movaps movaps subps
movaps subps subps
subps subps addps
subps addps addps
addps addps movaps
addps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps shufps
movaps shufps shufps
shufps shufps movaps
shufps movaps shufps
movaps shufps shufps
shufps shufps movaps
shufps movaps movaps
movaps movaps addps
movaps addps addps
addps addps subps
addps subps subps
subps subps movaps
subps movaps movaps
movaps movaps subps
movaps subps subps
subps subps addps
subps addps addps
addps addps addps
addps addps mulps
addps mulps movaps
mulps movaps movaps
movaps movaps subps
movaps subps subps
subps subps addps
subps addps addps
addps addps movaps
addps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps addps
movaps addps addps
addps addps addps
addps addps mulps
addps mulps movaps
mulps movaps subps
movaps subps mulps
subps mulps mulps
mulps mulps mulps
mulps mulps addps
mulps addps addps
addps addps movaps
addps movaps subps
movaps subps addps
subps addps movaps
addps movaps movaps
movaps movaps subps
movaps subps subps
subps subps addps
subps addps addps
addps addps movaps
addps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps add
movaps add dec
add dec jne
dec jne movaps
jne movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push pxor
push pxor pcmpeqw
pxor pcmpeqw psllw
pcmpeqw psllw mov
psllw mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov movq
mov movq movq
movq movq mov
movq mov mov
mov mov movq
mov movq movq
movq movq punpcklbw
movq punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw paddw
punpcklbw paddw paddw
paddw paddw punpcklbw
paddw punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw paddw
punpcklbw paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa add
movdqa add add
add add dec
add dec jne
dec jne pop
jne pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps mov
movaps mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov movdqa
mov movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa psraw
movdqa psraw psraw
psraw psraw psraw
psraw psraw psraw
psraw psraw pxor
psraw pxor pxor
pxor pxor pxor
pxor pxor pxor
pxor pxor psubw
pxor psubw psubw
psubw psubw psubw
psubw psubw psubw
psubw psubw paddw
psubw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw pmulhuw
paddw pmulhuw pmulhuw
pmulhuw pmulhuw pmulhuw
pmulhuw pmulhuw pmulhuw
pmulhuw pmulhuw pmulhuw
pmulhuw pmulhuw pmulhuw
pmulhuw pmulhuw pmulhuw
pmulhuw pmulhuw pmulhuw
pmulhuw pmulhuw pxor
pmulhuw pxor pxor
pxor pxor pxor
pxor pxor pxor
pxor pxor psubw
pxor psubw psubw
psubw psubw psubw
psubw psubw psubw
psubw psubw movdqa
psubw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa add
movdqa add add
add add add
add add dec
add dec jne
dec jne movaps
jne movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps push
movaps push pcmpeqw
push pcmpeqw psllw
pcmpeqw psllw packsswb
psllw packsswb mov
packsswb mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov movq
mov movq movq
movq movq psubb
movq psubb psubb
psubb psubb punpcklbw
psubb punpcklbw punpcklbw
punpcklbw punpcklbw punpcklwd
punpcklbw punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd punpcklwd
punpckhwd punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrad
punpckhwd psrad psrad
psrad psrad cvtdq2ps
psrad cvtdq2ps cvtdq2ps
cvtdq2ps cvtdq2ps psrad
cvtdq2ps psrad psrad
psrad psrad cvtdq2ps
psrad cvtdq2ps cvtdq2ps
cvtdq2ps cvtdq2ps movaps
cvtdq2ps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps add
movaps add add
add add dec
add dec jne
dec jne pop
jne pop movaps
pop movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps mov
movaps mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov movaps
mov movaps movaps
movaps movaps mulps
movaps mulps mulps
mulps mulps movaps
mulps movaps movaps
movaps movaps mulps
movaps mulps mulps
mulps mulps cvtps2dq
mulps cvtps2dq cvtps2dq
cvtps2dq cvtps2dq cvtps2dq
cvtps2dq cvtps2dq cvtps2dq
cvtps2dq cvtps2dq packssdw
cvtps2dq packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa add
movdqa add add
add add add
add add dec
add dec jne
dec jne movaps
jne movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps mov
movaps mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov or
mov or jne
or jne movdqa
jne movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa por
movdqa por por
por por por
por por por
por por por
por por por
por por packsswb
por packsswb packsswb
packsswb packsswb movd
packsswb movd test
movd test jne
test jne movdqa
jne movdqa pmullw
movdqa pmullw psllw
pmullw psllw movdqa
psllw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd pshufd
punpckhwd pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd movdqa
pshufd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa jmp
movdqa jmp movdqa
jmp movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmullw
movdqa pmullw pmullw
pmullw pmullw movdqa
pmullw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmullw
movdqa pmullw pmullw
pmullw pmullw movdqa
pmullw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw psubw
paddw psubw pxor
psubw pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrad
punpckhwd psrad psrad
psrad psrad movdqa
psrad movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd psubd
paddd psubd movdqa
psubd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd psubd
paddd psubd movdqa
psubd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrad
punpckhwd psrad psrad
psrad psrad movdqa
psrad movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd psubd
paddd psubd movdqa
psubd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd psubd
paddd psubd movdqa
psubd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmullw
movdqa pmullw pmullw
pmullw pmullw movdqa
pmullw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmullw
movdqa pmullw pmullw
pmullw pmullw movdqa
pmullw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd movdqa
paddd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd movdqa
paddd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd psubd
paddd psubd psubd
psubd psubd movdqa
psubd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd psubd
paddd psubd psubd
psubd psubd movdqa
psubd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd psubd
paddd psubd psubd
psubd psubd movdqa
psubd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd psubd
paddd psubd psubd
psubd psubd movdqa
psubd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq movdqa
punpckhqdq movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq movdqa
punpckhqdq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq movdqa
punpckhqdq movdqa punpcklqdq
movdqa punpcklqdq punpckhqdq
punpcklqdq punpckhqdq movdqa
punpckhqdq movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa prefetchnta
movdqa prefetchnta prefetchnta
prefetchnta prefetchnta prefetchnta
prefetchnta prefetchnta prefetchnta
prefetchnta prefetchnta mov
prefetchnta mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov movdqa
mov movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw psubw
paddw psubw pxor
psubw pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrad
punpckhwd psrad psrad
psrad psrad movdqa
psrad movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd psubd
paddd psubd movdqa
psubd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd psubd
paddd psubd movdqa
psubd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor punpcklwd
pxor punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd psrad
punpckhwd psrad psrad
psrad psrad movdqa
psrad movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd psubd
paddd psubd movdqa
psubd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd psubd
paddd psubd movdqa
psubd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddw
movdqa paddw paddw
paddw paddw movdqa
paddw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd movdqa
pmaddwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd movdqa
paddd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pmaddwd
movdqa pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd pmaddwd
pmaddwd pmaddwd paddd
pmaddwd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd paddd
paddd paddd movdqa
paddd movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd psubd
paddd psubd psubd
psubd psubd movdqa
psubd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd psubd
paddd psubd psubd
psubd psubd movdqa
psubd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw packsswb
packssdw packsswb packsswb
packsswb packsswb movdqa
packsswb movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd psubd
paddd psubd psubd
psubd psubd movdqa
psubd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad packssdw
psrad packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd psubd
paddd psubd psubd
psubd psubd movdqa
psubd movdqa paddd
movdqa paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad paddd
psrad paddd paddd
paddd paddd psrad
paddd psrad psrad
psrad psrad movdqa
psrad movdqa packssdw
movdqa packssdw packssdw
packssdw packssdw movdqa
packssdw movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa packsswb
movdqa packsswb packsswb
packsswb packsswb paddb
packsswb paddb paddb
paddb paddb paddb
paddb paddb paddb
paddb paddb movdqa
paddb movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklbw
movdqa punpcklbw punpckhbw
punpcklbw punpckhbw movdqa
punpckhbw movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpcklwd
movdqa punpcklwd punpckhwd
punpcklwd punpckhwd movdqa
punpckhwd movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq movdqa
punpckhdq movdqa punpckldq
movdqa punpckldq punpckhdq
punpckldq punpckhdq pshufd
punpckhdq pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd pshufd
pshufd pshufd mov
pshufd mov mov
mov mov movq
mov movq movq
movq movq mov
movq mov mov
mov mov movq
mov movq movq
movq movq mov
movq mov mov
mov mov movq
mov movq movq
movq movq mov
movq mov mov
mov mov movq
mov movq movq
movq movq movaps
movq movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop push
nop push mov
push mov sub
mov sub and
sub and mov
and mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea push
lea push push
push push push
push push push
push push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push push
push push sub
push sub movaps
sub movaps sub
movaps sub movaps
sub movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps sub
movaps sub push
sub push mov
push mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov push
mov push movsx
push movsx sub
movsx sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov sar
mov sar xor
sar xor sub
xor sub add
sub add lea
add lea movzx
lea movzx mov
movzx mov movzx
mov movzx cmp
movzx cmp jl
cmp jl sub
jl sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add sub
add sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add sub
add sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add sub
add sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add sub
add sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add sub
add sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add mov
add mov add
mov add shl
add shl or
shl or mov
or mov mov
mov mov shl
mov shl dec
shl dec and
dec and cmp
and cmp jl
cmp jl sub
jl sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add sub
add sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add sub
add sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add sub
add sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add sub
add sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add sub
add sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add mov
add mov add
mov add shl
add shl or
shl or xor
or xor pxor
xor pxor pxor
pxor pxor pxor
pxor pxor pxor
pxor pxor pinsrw
pxor pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pcmpgtw
pinsrw pcmpgtw pcmpgtw
pcmpgtw pcmpgtw pcmpgtw
pcmpgtw pcmpgtw pcmpgtw
pcmpgtw pcmpgtw paddw
pcmpgtw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw pxor
paddw pxor pxor
pxor pxor pxor
pxor pxor pxor
pxor pxor pxor
pxor pxor pxor
pxor pxor pxor
pxor pxor pxor
pxor pxor movdqa
pxor movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pxor
pxor pxor pxor
pxor pxor pxor
pxor pxor pinsrw
pxor pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pinsrw
pinsrw pinsrw pcmpgtw
pinsrw pcmpgtw pcmpgtw
pcmpgtw pcmpgtw pcmpgtw
pcmpgtw pcmpgtw pcmpgtw
pcmpgtw pcmpgtw paddw
pcmpgtw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw paddw
paddw paddw pxor
paddw pxor pxor
pxor pxor pxor
pxor pxor pxor
pxor pxor pxor
pxor pxor pxor
pxor pxor pxor
pxor pxor pxor
pxor pxor movdqa
pxor movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa movdqa
movdqa movdqa pxor
movdqa pxor pcmpeqw
pxor pcmpeqw pcmpeqw
pcmpeqw pcmpeqw pcmpeqw
pcmpeqw pcmpeqw pcmpeqw
pcmpeqw pcmpeqw pcmpeqw
pcmpeqw pcmpeqw pcmpeqw
pcmpeqw pcmpeqw pcmpeqw
pcmpeqw pcmpeqw pcmpeqw
pcmpeqw pcmpeqw packsswb
pcmpeqw packsswb packsswb
packsswb packsswb packsswb
packsswb packsswb packsswb
packsswb packsswb pmovmskb
packsswb pmovmskb pmovmskb
pmovmskb pmovmskb pmovmskb
pmovmskb pmovmskb pmovmskb
pmovmskb pmovmskb shl
pmovmskb shl shl
shl shl or
shl or or
or or shl
or shl or
shl or not
or not mov
not mov movzx
mov movzx lea
movzx lea bsf
lea bsf je
bsf je mov
je mov lea
mov lea shr
lea shr movzx
shr movzx lea
movzx lea movzx
lea movzx cmp
movzx cmp jl
cmp jl cmp
jl cmp jl
cmp jl sub
jl sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add sub
add sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add sub
add sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add sub
add sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add sub
add sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add sub
add sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add mov
add mov add
mov add shl
add shl or
shl or sub
or sub jmp
sub jmp cmp
jmp cmp jl
cmp jl sub
jl sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add sub
add sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add sub
add sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add sub
add sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add shl
add shl add
shl add mov
add mov movzx
mov movzx add
movzx add shl
add shl or
shl or movsx
or movsx mov
movsx mov mov
mov mov shl
mov shl dec
shl dec and
dec and add
and add shl
add shl or
shl or shr
or shr add
shr add jmp
add jmp lea
jmp lea cmp
lea cmp je
cmp je mov
je mov movzx
mov movzx cmp
movzx cmp jl
cmp jl sub
jl sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add sub
add sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add sub
add sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add sub
add sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add sub
add sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add sub
add sub mov
sub mov mov
mov mov shr
mov shr mov
shr mov add
mov add cmp
add cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov add
mov add mov
add mov add
mov add shl
add shl or
shl or pop
or pop mov
pop mov mov
mov mov pop
mov pop movaps
pop movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps movaps
movaps movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add movaps
add movaps add
movaps add pop
add pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop pop
pop pop mov
pop mov pop
mov pop pop
pop pop ret
pop ret nop
ret nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop nop
nop nop mov
nop mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov cmp
mov cmp jl
cmp jl shr
jl shr dec
shr dec shl
dec shl or
shl or mov
or mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov cmp
mov cmp cmovge
cmp cmovge mov
cmovge mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov lea
mov lea mov
lea mov neg
mov neg and
neg and mov
and mov sub
mov sub xor
sub xor sub
xor sub mov
sub mov cmovle
mov cmovle lea
cmovle lea movzx
lea movzx movzx
movzx movzx mov
movzx mov mov
mov mov cmp
mov cmp je
cmp je and
je and movzx
and movzx cmp
movzx cmp jbe
cmp jbe sub
jbe sub js
sub js cmp
js cmp je
cmp je and
je and movzx
and movzx cmp
movzx cmp jbe
cmp jbe sub
jbe sub js
sub js cmp
js cmp je
cmp je and
je and movzx
and movzx cmp
movzx cmp jbe
cmp jbe sub
jbe sub js
sub js cmp
js cmp jne
cmp jne jmp
jne jmp and
jmp and movzx
and movzx cmp
movzx cmp jbe
cmp jbe sub
jbe sub js
sub js cmp
js cmp jne
cmp jne cmp
jne cmp jne
cmp jne mov
jne mov lea
mov lea movabs
lea movabs lea
movabs lea lea
lea lea prefetcht1
lea prefetcht1 prefetcht1
prefetcht1 prefetcht1 mov
prefetcht1 mov xor
mov xor jne
xor jne mov
jne mov xor
mov xor jne
xor jne mov
jne mov xor
mov xor jne
xor jne add
jne add jne
add jne jmp
jne jmp add
jmp add add
add add test
add test jne
test jne test
jne test jne
test jne add
jne add shr
add shr or
shr or jne
or jne shr
jne shr add
shr add sub
add sub adc
sub adc lea
adc lea sub
lea sub cmp
sub cmp jge
cmp jge cmp
jge cmp jg
cmp jg lea
jg lea mov
lea mov mov
mov mov jmp
mov jmp mov
jmp mov mov
mov mov cmp
mov cmp jge
cmp jge lea
jge lea movzx
lea movzx mov
movzx mov mov
mov mov jmp
mov jmp mov
jmp mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov cmp
mov cmp cmovle
cmp cmovle mov
cmovle mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov mov
mov mov ret
mov ret or
ret or cmp
or cmp and
cmp and je
and je and
je and jae
and jae sub
jae sub outsd
sub outsd jo
outsd jo imul
